so Patek was kept in front of the house
[Music]
when he was still a baby the family put
what up inside the house
but s caught up getting bigger the
family children handle cut up anymore so
that's why they built that wooden cage
[Music]
when the rescue team arrived we all
sweating so you can imagine what what I
feel except that almost closed cage
that's really terrible you know there's
no way that you can have an along with
on this with absolutely no freedom to
move I think it's a torture I don't
think that these people are mean I think
they just don't understand but it's our
job to tell them it is wrong too badly
wrong with them but for the Oregon is
make them traumatized it really really
hurt to watch you know tonight you were
mocking what nice but ready to do going
about a 14 colonies are again you want
to get there and be able to teach these
people explain why it's wrong so that
they don't do it again
[Music]
what up looks a little bit trash
probably he scared of the human
[Music]
I don't know how psychologically it is
my effect very intelligent animal like
an orangutan but surely you know there
is an impact there as well we don't even
know we don't understand and we don't
know how to trade it in case a new loop
Alibaba etiquette etiquette remember
Nikora
[Music]
you
svet your purpose is to help animals and
to save them
[Music]
but at the same time the processes are
still very long
[Music]
once you get this baby orangutan under
your care
you're thinking of a commitment to that
orangutan for many many years until the
orangutan can be adult and be surviving
in the wild again it's a big weight in
your shoulders
[Music]
you